v0.2.1 (#202)
cachix/cachix: cachix/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## [0.2.1] - 2019-07-05

### Added

- #180 support servant 0.16 @domenkozar
- #200 add `cachix push --compression-level` and default to 2 @roberth

>   This should improve pushing time by a few factors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This should cut pushing time by a significant factor.
```
Nitpick: it's just one factor :)

### Changed

- #194 remove shadowed -h option @roberth
- #180 reduce retries limit to 3 @domenkozar

> - #192 Extract `cachix push` into a libray module @roberth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #192 extract `cachix push` into a proper library module @roberth
```
typo, mostly

### Fixed

- #187 create possibly missing directories for netrc @domenkozar
- #185 fix command line completions @roberth

> - #196 improve build time by workarounding GHC bug @roberth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #196 improve build time by working around a GHC bug @roberth
```
